[Music]
[Music] some 115 not unto us or Lord not unto us
some 115 not unto us or Lord not unto us
some 115 not unto us or Lord not unto us but to your name give glory because of
but to your name give glory because of
but to your name give glory because of your mercy because of your truth why
your mercy because of your truth why
your mercy because of your truth why should the Gentiles say so where is
should the Gentiles say so where is
should the Gentiles say so where is their God but our God is in heaven he
their God but our God is in heaven he
their God but our God is in heaven he does whatever he pleases their idols are
does whatever he pleases their idols are
does whatever he pleases their idols are silver and gold the work of men's hands
silver and gold the work of men's hands
silver and gold the work of men's hands they have mouths but they do not speak
they have mouths but they do not speak
they have mouths but they do not speak eyes they have but they do not see they
eyes they have but they do not see they
eyes they have but they do not see they have ears but they do not hear noses
have ears but they do not hear noses
have ears but they do not hear noses they have but they do not smell they
they have but they do not smell they
they have but they do not smell they have hands but they do not handle feet
have hands but they do not handle feet
have hands but they do not handle feet they have but they do not walk nor do
they have but they do not walk nor do
they have but they do not walk nor do they mutter through their throat those
they mutter through their throat those
they mutter through their throat those who make them are like them so is
who make them are like them so is
who make them are like them so is everyone who trusts in them o Israel
everyone who trusts in them o Israel
everyone who trusts in them o Israel trust in the Lord he is their help in
trust in the Lord he is their help in
trust in the Lord he is their help in their Shield o house of Aaron trust in
their Shield o house of Aaron trust in
their Shield o house of Aaron trust in the Lord
the Lord
the Lord he is their help in their Shield you who
he is their help in their Shield you who
he is their help in their Shield you who fear the Lord trust in the Lord he is
fear the Lord trust in the Lord he is
fear the Lord trust in the Lord he is the help and their shield the Lord has
the help and their shield the Lord has
the help and their shield the Lord has been mindful of us he will bless us he
been mindful of us he will bless us he
been mindful of us he will bless us he will bless the house of Israel he will
will bless the house of Israel he will
will bless the house of Israel he will bless the house of Aaron he will bless
bless the house of Aaron he will bless
bless the house of Aaron he will bless those who fear the Lord both small and
those who fear the Lord both small and
those who fear the Lord both small and great may the Lord give you increase
great may the Lord give you increase
great may the Lord give you increase more and more you and your children may
more and more you and your children may
more and more you and your children may you be blessed by the Lord who made
you be blessed by the Lord who made
you be blessed by the Lord who made heaven on earth the heaven even the
heaven on earth the heaven even the
heaven on earth the heaven even the heavens are the Lords of the earth he
heavens are the Lords of the earth he
heavens are the Lords of the earth he has given to the children of
has given to the children of
has given to the children of the dead do not praise the Lord nor any
the dead do not praise the Lord nor any
the dead do not praise the Lord nor any who go down into silence but we will
who go down into silence but we will
who go down into silence but we will bless the Lord from this time forth and
bless the Lord from this time forth and
bless the Lord from this time forth and forevermore
forevermore
forevermore praise the Lord
praise the Lord
praise the Lord [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you